README.md, before:

# smi_dj
Getting started
===============

smi stands for System Management Interface, it is used for distributed system based on
one opensource tool staf(Software Testing Automation Framework) To get started, [check out the installation
instructions in the
documentation](http://staf.sourceforge.net/).

this framework could be divided into two parts: Client and Server

Client started
===============

1. install the staf and the smi-cli.py file
2. add below statement into <STAFDIR>/bin/STAF.cfg file
  trust level 5 default
3. lanuch staf by invoking startSTAFProcess.sh(Linux)
4. run smi_cli.py to register/unregister resource to sever. the usage of this script could be got by:
  python smi-cli.py -h

bear in mind, the verified version of python is  on 3.4 and 2.7.


Server started
===============
1. install the staf and the smi-server.py file
2. add below statement into <STAFDIR>/bin/STAF.cfg file
  trust level 4 default
  SERVICE respool LIBRARY STAFPool
3. lanuch staf by invoking startSTAFProcess.sh(Linux)
4. create one resource pool which is the common place to put all the resources by below command only ONCE,
  the dji is the pool name:
  staf local respool create pool dji description "example project" 

Now this framework has been setup. :) bear in mind, this server could be ONLY used by administraction which could do control all the registered resources.

Tips:
================
Q: how to save the registered resource to user-defined dir
A:  The syntax is:
SERVICE <Name> LIBRARY STAFPool [PARMS <Parameters>]

<Name> is the name by which the Resource Pool service will be known on this machine.
<Parameters> are valid Resource Pool parameters described below.
Example

service respool library STAFPool
service respool library STAFPool parms "Directory {STAF/Config/BootDrive}/STAF/user-defined-dir"

The first example will put the resource info to /usr/local/staf/data/STAF/service/respool dir(Linux version)
The second example will put it to /usr/local/staf/data/STAF/service/user-defined-dir (Linux version)

Commit message:

update readme by adding how to enable the staf during system reboot
Signed-off-by: Libo Zhu <libo.zhu@intel.com>

README.md, after:

# smi_dj
Getting started
===============

smi stands for System Management Interface, it is used for distributed system based on
one opensource tool staf(Software Testing Automation Framework) To get started, [check out the installation
instructions in the
documentation](http://staf.sourceforge.net/).

this framework could be divided into two parts: Client and Server

Client started
===============

1. install the staf and the smi-cli.py file
2. add below statement into <STAFDIR>/bin/STAF.cfg file
  trust level 5 default
3. lanuch staf by invoking startSTAFProcess.sh(Linux)
4. run smi-cli.py to register/unregister resource to sever. the usage of this script could be got by:
  python smi-cli.py -h

bear in mind, the verified version of python is  on 3.4 and 2.7.


Server started
===============
1. install the staf and the smi-server.py file
2. add below statement into <STAFDIR>/bin/STAF.cfg file
  trust level 4 default
  SERVICE respool LIBRARY STAFPool
3. lanuch staf by invoking startSTAFProcess.sh(Linux)
4. create one resource pool which is the common place to put all the resources by below command only ONCE,
  the dji is the pool name:
  staf local respool create pool dji description "example project" 

Now this framework has been setup. :) bear in mind, this server could be ONLY used by administraction which could do control all the registered resources.

Tips:
================
Q: how to save the registered resource to user-defined dir
A:  The syntax is:
SERVICE <Name> LIBRARY STAFPool [PARMS <Parameters>]

<Name> is the name by which the Resource Pool service will be known on this machine.
<Parameters> are valid Resource Pool parameters described below.
Example

service respool library STAFPool
service respool library STAFPool parms "Directory {STAF/Config/BootDrive}/STAF/user-defined-dir"

The first example will put the resource info to /usr/local/staf/data/STAF/service/respool dir(Linux version)
The second example will put it to /usr/local/staf/data/STAF/service/user-defined-dir (Linux version)

Q: how to auto-start the staf during the system boot process.  (Linux version)
A: In general, we recommend that you create a file called /etc/rc.staf with contents:
    #!/bin/bash
    /usr/local/staf/startSTAFProc.sh &

Make the file executable (755 is most likely sufficient)
    chmod 777 /etc/rc.staf

Next add the following line to /etc/inittab
    staf:5:boot:/etc/rc.staf
